the road to redemption is paved with
success on the football field again for
the former Falcon within a year since
getting out of prison and back into pro
football with the Philadelphia Eagles
Vick has put his past behind him and
once again is one of the NFL's most
exciting players jerry karnes joining us
now with more on this what a game it was
Ted this is a tale of one person with
two shots at life you have Michael Vick
the talented quarterback and Michael
Vick the man convicted of financing a
dogfighting operation in his home state
of Virginia because remembered equally
for both with the Atlanta Falcons he was
explosive on the football field
generating an excitement the NFL had not
seen in recent years then there was the
other Vick who off the field found
himself the target of a federal
investigation and angry fans who felt
betrayed after his release from prison
his goal was to revive his football
career now he's showing the league and
fans alike why he was born to play the
game it took Michael Vick all of eight
seconds Monday night to show how you go
from the doghouse
to top dog this was part of Michael
Vick's record-setting night of
touchdowns four through the air two more
on the ground this is the athlete who
not so long ago was considered the
quarterback of cruelty we are definitely
hoping for the best
Brandon bond adopted one of the pit
bulls rescued from Vic's dogfighting
operation bond and Machiavelli watched
Michael Vick's every game and apply I'm
pulling for him because he's the
underdog I can who would I be to say oh
well these dogs deserve a second chance
but Michael Vick doesn't well that
rather hypocritical as an Atlanta Falcon
Vick not only financed a dogfighting
operation he tried to hide from it lying
to the team to fans until his guilty
plea in federal court
fans here felt betrayed that includes
Michael Wallen who kept his Michael Vick
autographed jersey as Vick reinvents
himself Wallen has forgiven he's
recovering from his mistake he's going
around to schools and public
organizations trying to make a
difference what makes this comeback all
the more impressive is the fact that
Vick was out of football for two years
serving time he has since paid to help
rehabilitate the animals saved from his
dogfighting ring and has spoken out
against animal cruelty his first coach
in Atlanta was Dan Reeves I think you
gotta give him
an awful lot of credit me as homeowners
as I've seen him be and be as excited
about being you know part of the game
again Brandon bond says he won't forget
the cruel acts that took Michael Vick
away from the game
he hopes Vick doesn't forget one of the
organizations that came down hard on
Michael Vick was the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals today
the executive director of the Georgia
chapter told me Vick has paid the price
and made amends and added God blessing
you